What a coincidence
He asked me to be there in a minute.
And I did.
Yeah, I said this kid is pretending
Now that Mr. Gong is here, let's see what else he has to say
Mr. Gong, I was just about to take care of this kid
Make the top happy
But I thought of you.
Leave this opportunity to you
He even prepared such a great gift for me
Yeah, yeah.
Since you are here, Mr. Gong
Such a great opportunity
Of course, I'll leave it to you, Mr. Gong.
See you are incapable
Will be slapped by a takeout delivery person
That it is
Today is Mundy's awards ceremony
Otherwise, I would have cleaned him up long ago. Yeah, yeah.
Since you are here, Mr. Gong
Our four major families are also there
Don't let this kid spoil the nature
As long as Mr. Gong speaks
Let's make him famous now
Never enter the building
Not too light
I'm going to make him disappear forever
Do you know what you are doing?
Does Mr. Gong know who is sitting in the seat?
What's the matter, Mr. Gong?
How could it be because of him?
Did the luggage just say something?
Out of Mr. Gong's anti-aging